




News18india represents our prime Hindi news channel News18 India on digital. It has become the digital destination for not just news and current affairs but in-depth analysis of all that is happening. Hindi net users love to consume the lifestyle, entertainment, sports and astrology content. The blog section is getting good response and has become the preferred choice of Hindi blogging community. With modern day look and feel the user experience.  READ MORE  of news18india is reflecting in the growing number of visits on the site.

Pradesh18 defines the concept of Regional, local and hyperlocal content on digital. It represents ETV on the digital, the regional offering from the bouquet of Network18 TV channels. Reflecting the true colours of India, Pradesh18.com provides content in Hindi, Gujarati, Urdu and English. While most of other digital destinations are busy covering the national and international happenings, Pradesh18 provides the much needed ground.  READ MORE 
 connect to city, town and village level content.


The Portal launched in 2008 is our aggregator platform, showcasing the content strength and providing a good window to all our digital content. The portal averaged more than 5.5 mn unique visitors per month as of May 2015.












Moneycontrol founded in 1999 is India’s Largest Finance destination for more than 15 years. It offers comprehensive information, news and in- depth analysis across asset classes and pulls in a wide cross section of investors. As India’s leading businesses and finance platform, it offers investors the latest business news and market updates along with articles, independent analysis of investment options and financial planning .It attracts more. READ MORE than 6 Mn unique visitors per month on the Web Portal while the Mobile App achieved spectacular growth over the previous fiscal in terms of unique visitors, pages viewed, visits and growth


FirstPost is India’s Largest and only Digital Newsroom. With a digital newsroom powered by expert writer-editors across the country and the globe, Firstpost has a competitive edge in breaking views on real-time news. With a strong focus on politics, sport, business, technology and entertainment, it has now transformed its image from a niche portal to a more youthful, social, opinion-led destination, with considerable strength.  READ MORE 
 in social and shareable content. It reaches more than 7.5 Mn+ unique users per month on web and 7.5 Mn+ unique users on mobile


News18 (English & Hindi) allows users to access real time news coverage, sports updates, entertainment buzz, anchor blogs & Chats for CNN News18, IBN7 and IBN Lokmat. The portal has leveraged the opportunity of cross media convergence with podcasts and live streaming of definitive news content. It has recently undergone a Web revamp to impart a modern, flexible interface to the website and upgrade of the backend to latest.  READ MORE 
 technology. Users can also access News18 on their mobile WAP and apps for iPhone, iPad, Android. The CricketNext App has also been recently updated with a faster scorecard.



HomeShop18 is India's first comprehensive digital commerce player, selling a wide range of credible brands to customers nationally and operating in a multimedia environment including Internet, TV and via mobile. As a pioneer, HomeShop18 changed the way Indians shop by launching India's first 24 hour Home Shopping TV channel in 2008. HomeShop18 now has a cumulative customer base of over 17.9 million on TV. READ MORE _and web across 1,662 cities and towns across the country. It delivers to 9,563 pin codes in India, 17% of them in Tier II and III towns. The reach in smaller towns has increased with the addition of a Hindi channel to the DD Direct bouquet of FTA channels. HomeShop18’s success is further demonstrated by the fact that 31,500 transactions take place daily, of which 58% are from repeat customers, and its call centre receives about 1,40,000 calls daily. HomeShop18 has been acclaimed as the ‘Trendsetter in Shopping Channels’ at the 7th BCS Ratna Awards in March 2016.


Bookmyshow is the Largest Online Ticketing Platform in India with close to occupying 80% market share. It is currently servicing more than 240 cities & 2800 screens. It also manages ticketing as well as on-ground operations for six out of eight IPL Teams. As of March 31, 2016, bookmyshow.com recorded an average of 71 million visits per month. BookMyShow sold an average of over 7.8 million tickets per month on its portal and its mobile. READ MORE  application during FY16, clocking an impressive growth of 82% over the previous year. During the financial year, BookMyShow launched its own wallet to enhance customer experience. BookMyShow was the sole ticketing partner for the ICC T20 World Cup 2016. It also manages ticketing as well as on-ground operations for six out of eight IPL teams.


Burrp is a food and restaurant recommendation engine. Burrp is the pioneer in the Indian food discovery space and quite literally introduced consumer technology in food and beverage industry in 2006. With presence across 14 cities in the country and a view to expand to 35 in the next two years, Burrp is gunning not just to occupy a_vacant space in the market, but_also to do what it’s best at -
create a new one.


Since its launch in 2009, Forbes India has spearheaded the community that upholds 'The Power of Free Enterprise' while investing in the intellectual capital of business minds, with its magnified vision and a sharp editorial eye. It delivers sharp, in-depth and engaging stories, by looking at global and domestic issues from an Indian prism, thereby placing its readers ahead of the curve. Leaping beyond the boundaries of the boardroom, READ MORE 
it seamlessly merges the world of politics, entertainment, technology, culture and luxury with the people who are changing the world for the better.
Over the last few years, Forbes India has become the country's most influential business magazine. It brings to light, ideas and the people generating them, in turn, allowing the reader to get the edge as a professional; and subsequently, opening up the potential for wealth creation.


OVERDRIVE is India’s largest auto media for bike & car community for last 18 years. It has its presence across print, web, mobile, television & events. The brand has made it its mission to make life easier for its readers by testing vehicles and enabling them to make the right choice when it comes to choosing automobiles. Targeted at affluent auto enthusiasts, OVERDRIVE strives to achieve excellence by keeping its reader abreast. READ MORE
  of every development that occurs in the ever-evolving automobile market. Not only do you get in-depth reviews of the hottest wheels, but also helpful tips, step-by-step guides and expert advice. With its highly interactive mediums spread out over various platforms, OVERDRIVE makes sure that the young and passionate enthusiasts are hooked onto the magazine.   [Website:  overdrive.in]


Better Photography has been the leading photography magazine in India for 19 years now. With a primary audience that includes serious enthusiasts and amateurs, the magazine covers a wide variety of content from techniques and equipment reviews and interviews. BP, as it is often affectionately called, is a hobbyist magazine whose priority is education in the art and science of photography. Photography is as much about. READ MORE 
 the traditional, as it is about the contemporary. So there are regular features on Great Masters like Henri Cartier-Bresson, Kishor Parekh, Ansel Adams, Homai Vyarawalla, David Alan Harvey, S Paul and Steve McCurry, and at the same time, we also have Better Cellphone Photography, which is possible the world’s first print magazine dedicated to inspiring camera phone pictures. While we strongly believe in the sanctity of print, our website is our way of connecting to the world. Photography is going through a very exciting phase at the moment, and Better Photography will be your window to the magic and madness that is photography.  [Website: betterphotography.in]


Over the last 12 years, Better Interiors has grown to become an established name amongst a multitude of Indian interior design publications in the country. An editorial team that’s in sync with the field of design and décor works towards bringing out thoroughly-researched and unbiased content, aptly supported by spectacular visuals. This includes inputs and regular contributions from several industry experts that sets the publication apart. READ MORE

 with its appropriate mix of content that caters to the design fraternity as well as the homemaker who is looking to set up her space in keeping with an aesthetic bent of mind. From design fundamentals and do-it-yourself guides, from product information to industry trends, Better Interiors is the definitive guide in the design domain. [Website: betterinteriors.in]




